Aliah and Muhammad albas Yuni were
reunited with their son Hassan in
Istanbul last
February they had been trapped in Gaza
after the war broke out on October 7th
speaking about their ordeal is still
painful the people of the street dying I
could not make
anything it was difficult to go off the
street difficult to take water difficult
to take anything
Muhammad was the former Chief of surgery
at gaza's biggest Hospital Al shifa
which became the focus of Relentless
Israeli attacks no it was destroyed
there is no
Noy all things is
destroyed the Elbas unas were forced to
leave their home in B hanon in Northern
Gaza and stayed in a clinic they used to
run in Gaza City where they also hosted
dozens of other displaced
people there was no water and no gas we
burned our Clinic Furniture to have
something to cook on my husband is sick
he needs
medicine Aliah and Muhammad have been
German citizen since 2011 their oldest
son ly who is a space engineer in the US
got help from the Turkish authorities to
evacuate them up until that point he
said he felt helpless you know I mean
since I mean I send a drone to Mars you
know and like there's I cannot even send
water to my parents while the human
rights groups are demanding to know why
the Israeli has not opened more
Crossings into Gaza Palestinians who
evacuated say the ones left behind have
few means to survive we are animals we
are not human body we are animals this
is
the despite having escaped the war the
Elbas unist say their thoughts and
prayers are still with their fellow
Palestinians in Gaza who continue to
suffer cam coo
alazul make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer